Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-solvedcomputer-science-222-laboratory-2-practice-using-loops-and-doing-arithmetic
<br>
Think about the human users of your programs (documentation). Develop simple Python programs that do input, produce output and do arithmetic. Directed Activities: 1. Clear a space on your desk and write the values of the variables as the code executes and the outputs that will be generated from the following code segments. a. for i in range(8): print i i = 0 output = 0 i = 1 output = 1 i = 2 output = 2 i = 3 output = 3 i = 4 output = 4 i = 5 output = 5 i = 6 output = 6 i = 7 output = 7 b. for i in [1, 3, 9]: print i i = 1 output = 1 i = 3 output = 3 i = 9 output = 9 c. for i in range(-1): print i nothing d. sum = 0 for i in range(5): sum = sum + i print sum i = 0 output = 1 i = 1 output = 2 i = 2 output = 3 i = 3 output = 4 i = 4 output = 5 e. power = 2 for i in [2, 4, 6]: print i ** power i = 2 output = 4 i = 4 output = 16 i = 6 output = 36 f. difference = 0 for i in [1, 8, -2, 15, 0]: difference = difference – i print difference i = 1 output = -1 i = 8 output = -9 i = -2 output = -7 i = 15 output = -22 i = 0 output = -22 g. product = 1 for i in range(4): product = product * i print product i = 0 output = 0 i = 1 output = 0 i = 2 output = 0 i = 3 output = 0 h. product = 1 for i in [1, 3, 5]: product = product * i print product i = 1 output = 1 i = 3 output = 3 i = 5 output = 15 2. Log on to the computer using your Cougars account information. Open your WebCT account for this course (labeled CSCI 222-L0#). After completing each of the following exercises, demonstrate your code for the instructor. 3. Create a Python test file. Create a Python program called loopPractice.py. This program should contain the code for the eight loops above. The program should print in the format: Loop A: